when winter comes to yellowstone
national park it does not come
gently
it is a time when most animal
struggle simply to survive
but it is also a time when one
animal truly comes into a child
the gray wolf
in driving snow a pack of wolves
closes in on an elk herd
and when they finally arrives
it is a hard one meal for the
pact one that they will be
allowed to enjoy peeps
soon to be reintroduced back
into yellowstone in nineteen
ninety-five the wolf has both
conquered and competed
completed that is with the
reigning king of the park
the great grizzly
and at times conquered
but as spring in yellowstone
arrives a mother grizzly ever
come have emerged from the
winter down
only to be greeted by driving
snow
and something more ominous
there is no love lost between
yellowstone's top predators
but a frantic mother bear is
nothing to do away with
she could break the walls back
with a single swipe of the polls
but she can't risk being led
more than a few yards from a
couple finally the walls lose
interest in their bait
and the mother and cut go their
own way unharmed
while the walls look for easier
break
this scenario is that the heart
of one of the controversies
surrounding the reintroduction
of wolves to yellowstone
elk numbers seem to be holding
steady while at the same time
fewer calves seem to be
surviving to adulthood local
sports who could legally
huntsville who strafing park
don't want competition from
walls
but walls are hardly the only
hunters of l calves in fact this
angry mother has already lost
her newborn tour grizzly
yellowstone park ranger doug
smith explains there may be
competition between
long sticker stickers profit
british secrets days
you know more about history
party moves service tooele
catskill though
to build a crusade correct
the calves are fleet financial
even at this young edge
but the deceptively lumbering
agrees we can reach a top speed
of thirty miles an hour about
the same speeders regret
the grizzly has her own
so when the grizzly one sir
ernest papa
today right away
for the picture is worth it
might go out
three sixteen
an intrusive progressive there
couldn't get down believe that
it was pretty roomy and
comfortable
themselves are now long gone
hanging out of which called for
money from site
a-level harm is never far away
as pups incomes are always fair
from the wild of yellowstone
competition
never stands alone